You've now completed the first
section of this course!
Let's review what we've discussed so far.
We started out by exploring the focus
of CISSP's eight security domains.
Then, we discussed threats, risks, and
vulnerabilities, and
how they can impact organizations.
This included a close
examination of ransomware and
an introduction to the three
layers of the web.
Finally, we focused on seven
steps of the NIST Risk
Management Framework, also called the RMF.
You did a fantastic job adding new
knowledge to your security analyst
toolkit.
In upcoming videos,
we'll go into more detail about
some common tools used by
entry-level security analysts.
Then, you'll have an opportunity to
analyze data generated by those
tools to identify risks,
threats, or vulnerabilities.
You'll also have a chance to use
a playbook to respond to incidents.
That's all for now.
Keep up the great work!